Dec 08, 2018
Mike and Jay Talk About The Clovehitch Killer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4VG4L3U4Zg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1071421094316388352
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156024113732634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/movie-talk/mike-and-jay-talk-about-the-clovehitch-killer

so they picked who was gonna host the
Oscars is it rich Evans surprisingly not
even though he had all this fame
recently because he was on The Ellen
Show
I'm sorry but I cannot take my eyes off
her we haven't heard from rich Evans
since his appearance on The Ellen Show
he just he just packed up and left he's
out there in LA no yeah he's gone
Hollywood but they did pick Kevin Hart
as the new host of the Oscars hmm
yeah I hear he was on the shortlist Mike
where are we what is happening
oh is this show well Jay we're sitting
in our our office area and first of all
before you have the chance to even type
it too late this is not replacing review
and review is not replacing best of the
worst and best of the worst did not
replace having the back well now that we
cleared that up I'm sure nobody will
make that joke in the comments no not a
single person no but in all seriousness
folks this is called Jay and Mike talk
about or whoever and whoever talk about
sure anyone can do it this particular
episode is Jay and Mike talk about and
it's our it's our first episode oh and
this is also not replacing quick cuts it
is actually oh yeah it kind of is nobody
remembers quick cuts yeah that's good
that's so that's the program we did 15
years ago we made four of them but
here's the thing I'll cut it to you
straight
Jay and I both independently of each
other watched a movie on Amazon and I
said I watched it and I typed up an
email to Jay and I said hey did you
watch this movie and Jay saw I just
watched it two days ago we and and so it
just happened organically and instead of
doing a half in the bag on it which
usually includes breaking down the film
and all these reasons why it worked or
didn't work and usually that's a movie
that is a bigger movie that people will
go out and see or have seen sure we
wanted to kind of make a quick video
recommend
this specific movie yes both of us
enjoyed it so much how come dad doesn't
help with couponing yes your father has
his own hobbies
so we're here to talk about a film
called the clover Cloverfield monster I
was just about to say it I think it's
called the clove hitch killer yes clove
hitch is a type of knot yes
and to not be confused this is not an
entry in the clover field no no even
though the title is very similar the
clove hitch killer which when I saw the
title and I expected like just kind of a
corny horror film or something and
that's not what this is at all this is
like like a small-scale David Fincher
movie it's it's very well done yes I was
really surprised yeah because I was like
I think the trailer was what got me a
hook I mean obviously I didn't even
watch the trailer really yeah grabbing
one of these tools Wham they're awkward
talk with dad over the Stars Dylan
McDermott and and he was on the first
season of American Horror Story now and
he's in he's in a little bit of the most
currencies in Apocalypse which was
excellent I think I hate American Horror
Story that's a whole nother topic that's
not going to be talked about this video
American Horror Story is awesome it's
awesome it's LA it's like garbage it's
the it's the antithesis of everything I
like in horror okay and this movie is
exactly what I like it it's not even
it's not exactly a horror film I mean
it's it's dark it's more of a mystery
thriller it's very slow-paced
twists of coming of age yes it's very
methodical but the basic idea is yeah
Dylan McDermott is his dad everyman dad
and his son is starting to suspect that
his dad might be a serial killer mm-hmm
that's basically it
well we won't talk about too much that
isn't seen in the trailer but I think
what what hooked me is is seeing dylan
mcdermott play this role which he was
really great it oh and um it was just
sort of like you know there's a little
pull quotes like Dylan McDermott is
amazing in this role and and there's
just like this weird tension to it and I
was like oh
I'm gonna watch this I'm gonna watch
this I don't normally watch horror
movies believe it or not I know you do
and I guess when they they referenced
like extreme bondage and pervert stuff
that's why you clicked on it but I
claimed don't know anything about it I
just watched it I click that for the
performances that's what they all say
so the director is a guy named Duncan
Skiles yes his first feature coming
right out of the gate swinging this is
such a sure handed like a really
mannered precise movie it's like I
mentioned David Fincher it has that kind
of feel where it's like very like all
the shots are very specific and and the
tone is very sort of cold and distance
in a good way which makes it all
creepier I was thinking of specifically
what David Fincher was thinking of
zodiac and then I looked up in
preparation for talking about it here I
found an interview with him where he
mentions zodiac specifically the scene
where the Zodiac killer sees the couple
like by the lake just completely like
stark there's no music it's not trying
to be tense and that's what makes it
done see does it feel so real yeah it's
similar to that she'll mind hunter I
don't know if you watch any of that a
little bit that's I know that's Fincher
too so you know but this guy he directed
a segment for the Robocop he I leave up
he did like a bunch of he had like a
he's a part of a group that had a
YouTube channel they haven't uploaded in
a couple years now and then he directed
one of the segments for our Robocop
remake which if you're unfamiliar right
before the big-budget Robocop remake
came out that all these people do
individual scenes different people all
over would shoot a scene from Robocop
and then it was compiled together they
just did the same thing for Shrek
apparently there's something called
Shrek retold it's on YouTube I have
audited
but because this movie is so well done
at first I assumed he did it's a famous
dick shooting scene oh he did not yeah
he did not do the dick shooting scene if
you haven't seen it look at a Robocop
remake dick shooting scene it's possibly
the most amazing thing that's ever been
made it's great he didn't do that scene
he had the unfortunate task of doing the
scene right after that he had to follow
that up but did he do a good job on his
scene he directed the hostage-taker
scene and he makes it more kind of
conceptual and weird it's it's a unique
take but I mean it's following up that
dick shooting scene that should have
been the whole thing you don't even need
all those other segments I didn't watch
anything else from it I can't comment on
that but it seems like you don't so you
have a comedy background and then out of
seemingly out of nowhere this movie
shows up and it's like one of the best
serial killer movie stars are it is one
of the best serial killer movies I said
since final to the land it's monster
there's a handful but this is up there
mainly because it's about a little more
than just a serial killer or catching a
serial killer there's some coming-of-age
stuff splashed in there there's some the
the the facade of Americana yes we speak
the Christian wholesome I mean it's a
little on the nose that he's a boy scout
leader and there's that whole like you
know plot about that there you know
there's there's the the facade of the
normal American life and hidden
underneath that is there's this tension
and horror just the shame attention and
horror of being a closeted weirdo who
likes getting off on choking women to
death yes well that's the other thing
that it does is it's not for one it kind
of starts as a mystery like is his dad
really the clove hitch killer or he's
looking into and trying to find get to
the end the bottom of it but the the
resolution to the mystery happens much
earlier in the movie than you would
expect which was surprising and then it
kind of changes courses that it changes
a narrative focus to a completely
different character
without getting the spoilers and that
was refreshing yes neat it turns into
Back to the Future - that's odd
reference but I suppose you gotta watch
it in order to get what I'm saying but
also like zodiac it's not so much about
the mystery of the serial killer as it
is how this mystery affects the various
characters especially when we're talking
about the ending and what happened
specifically ending and obviously this
is spoiler free video so we're not gonna
talk about that right but it all kind of
hinges on the idea like he mentioned the
there's the father who's a boy scout Boy
Scout like leader his son who's a boy
scout they're part of this community
that's very religious and so it kind of
becomes about a lot of it is sort of
about how these younger people are sort
of conditioned to just believe what
they're told without questioning it at
all which is also personified and the
boys friend oh yeah is referenced as
being closeted gay but he's a you know
church-going boy scout there's that
there's that tucked away there's Dylan
McDermott's character and donor Mateen
this is is creepy creepy as fuck by
trying to act normal or by acting yes
yeah he's incredibly like frightening
and and and there's attention to his
performance but it's played so straight
and then the kid - yeah the kid is
really natural but that kids he's great
and everyone's great in it and that's
the weird thing is like this guy I mean
whoever this Duncan Duncan Jack sunkens
Skiles is I don't even know but he is he
is great at directing actors and and
this movie he needs needs some limelight
on it obviously didn't even get a even
small theatrical release but you see it
on there and it's just like a clove
hitch killer and then you scroll through
it when you pass like you think are a
trash Redbox movie yes exactly
give it or give it a roll yeah give it a
roll and I don't think we're gonna go on
much further here J no that's the idea
quick
nation if you like david fincher films
feel like the kind of bubbling under the
surface horror of suburbs it reminded me
of a better version of summer 84 I
thought you're gonna say cereal mom it's
it's it's a funnier version of cereal
mom hello the Kovich killer is not
chasing people down the street it's our
Halloween remake with Jamie Lee Curtis
he's not choking people with the rope
and there's no one there's no music in
the whole film there there's like really
subtle atmospheric stuff but there's
long stretches where there's no music at
all it's what I always say like
stillness and and silence is so much
scarier yes when it's done well and this
movie doesn't like perfectly it's a
creepy serial killer movie that's also a
coming-of-age story yes and she
magically that ending the onion ties
everything up perfect bow yeah yes
so get on Amazon iTunes saw the digital
places oh sure yeah yeah I got it on
Amazon
check it out it took a while to get
there I put on a lot of bug spray I had
to rent a little boat
I had a Sherpa taking down the river
there's some snakes some tribal people
shot arrows at me but I got my copy and
I made it all the way back to Milwaukee
to get it I'm making a joke that I
literally went to the Amazon to get this
movie
so anyways seriously check out the movie
now bye
