Jul 14, 2019
Rich and Mike's The Rise of Skywalker Predictions Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzeOrA2in1c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1150541806880395269
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10156546481707634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/movie-talk/rich-and-mikes-the-rise-of-skywalker-predictions-video
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/cd9ltt/rich_and_mikes_the_rise_of_skywalker_predictions/

hello rich Evans hello Mike we're in our
black void again so that must mean we're
doing another predictions video that's
correct that's my prediction am i right
your prediction is accurate it is rich
Evans and Mike talk in a black void
about Star Wars or Star Trek what's
what's the most depressing thing to talk
about rich Star Trek for me Star Trek
Star Trek I'm gonna say we've done a few
production videos now this is the
hardest one like you go into you know
the force awakens and you think well
it's been 30 years what would you do
with these characters after 30 years and
your brain can get going on things and
we have han solo movie what's like well
Han Solo where things we know about Han
Solo with this movie with the rise of
Skywalker the last what was the last
what was the last movie called the last
force the last Jedi the last Jedi was
the weirdest second act of all time yes
because it left us with no hooks for the
sequel I felt it you this is it
basically a dead end
yeah there is the trailer out it's a
teaser trailer and I hope to fucking god
the full-length trailer doesn't come out
before I finish editing this video waste
their time but that's that's what's out
and then that's what we looked at so
this is just me and rich looking at the
trailer and the only other thing that I
looked at was the Vanity Fair article
it's like 5 stills there's a bunch of
stills and then they give you some
information which dispelled a couple of
my ideas or I guess theory is whatever
was that all the sand planet it might be
Tatooine no it's not but it's called
like Kasana
or something um I wrote it wrote it down
in the notes and then there's there's a
snowy planet which is not crate the salt
planet from the other movie it's some
new planet and there's a shot where
they're flying through like clouds and a
kind of
like the planet from rogue one where
they attacked that that Imperial base
yeah but I think that's a little
smuggler thieve land like a maz kanata's
castle but not unless they try and tie
that into the Death Star
I don't know but anyways so and then a
couple of new characters Keri Russell
plays like a bounty hunter
szura's aura bliss or something and then
there's another lady who's riding on a
horse with Finn yeah she has a character
name so I just want to get all that
right so we're not just guessing and
then the Knights of Ren so though that's
basically what we're going off of and
looking at who's writing and directing
as well cuz that plays a major part the
force awakens
written by JJ Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan
a lot of people say including us as a
retread of the original Star Wars film
basically had all the same notes at the
same plot points the softer reboot has
been thrown around and I attribute that
to Lawrence Kasdan getting tapped on the
shoulder come on back and write star
with it yeah what else can you do with
Star Wars I just write the same script
again and change all the character names
and no no notice and JJ Abrams is a
writing credit we have written a
spider-man comic book a long time ago in
a certain video I made and I said JJ
Abrams would be great at directing Star
Wars films yeah and I stand by that
in the directing capacity only after the
the prequels ended right 2005 then there
was 2009 Star Trek and that was a bad
script but a really fun science fiction
adventure film JJ Abrams is all Glaus
he's a terrible storyteller him and Alex
Kurtzman they're all like bad robot
right their whole thing is feeling over
sensible plotting like what what would
be a fun thing to do and don't think
about the ramifications
just oh that's mysterious ooh that's
emotional how does that fit into a larger narrative
who gives a fuck
just do it
it's like it's like corporate
short-term thinking ruining a business
it's like short-term profits massive
profits and then they like ruin the
industry like the the video game
crashing for the early eighties throws
many games out there as you can and oh
what happened we throw a bunch of shitty
games out there and now nobody wants
games anymore oh the industry collapsed
the storytelling equivalent of that like
like a super raid you remember super 8 I
haven't seen it see the the the first
version of stranger things it's like all
the Spielberg in 80s nostalgia shoved
into a movie and it looks really nice
and it's pretty but ultimately it's it
wasn't memorable you know it's it's that
JJ Abrams style he's very good at
visuals and pacing an excitement like
start the Star Trek movies are exciting
terribly written but they're exciting
and visually good so JJ Abrams yes
directing yes
let him visually tell the story of
someone else's script yeah don't write
it so she split Spielberg in half JJ
Abrams is is the one half of Spielberg
that's missing the other components and
the best part about Spielberg
he didn't write scripts you say it's
like you split Spielberg I think it's
somebody who grew up watching Spielberg
movies but they only focused on the one
thing he did and that's what they were
fascinated by and he he's like Spielberg
but without the complete package yes we
have written a spider-man comic book
although when you hand over an entire
film to one guy who writes and directs
just completely out of left field
we got the last Jenna mark very
understandably wasn't thrilled about
some of the choices in the script it's
if we find them that really good script
but I think JJ Abrams just probably like
I'll do it I'll do these movies but I
want to write the story because I think
he fancies himself a writer we have
written a spider-man comic book and I
bet you of all people are really looking
forward to that spider-man comic it's
just so exciting I can't believe it's
happening yeah
thank you so much I don't know I think
yeah because they're great they're great
you're great
okay so script by JJ Abrams and Chris
Terrio writer of Batman V Superman dawn
of Justice and the Justice League that a
joke no this movie's gonna be awful this
movie's going to be awful
don't you be a poop pooling Internet
armchair critic rich none of these
people have written anything good JJ
Abrams with his mystery box bullshit
and what's-his-face who wrote two of the worst movies of all time
this is it was just fucking, this is a fucking dream combination let's talk about the trailer
we get like eight things the more than
half the trailer is ray in the desert
like kind of running yeah and and and
then leading up to a jumping over of a
TIE fighter which we're going to assume
is driven by kylo Ren well that's that's
the thing that's the one that's the one
thing when you're trying to figure out
what they're going to do this moving you
can glom on to everybody well a lot of
people hated the last Jedi and it's it's
non plot twists and there's gonna be
probably a lot of work towards undoing
that movie yeah cuz I was gonna say that
there was implications that there are
force sensitive people out there little
children those little stable hands in
the casino planet that he it makes this
is like broom fly to them and yeah it
looks at the little rebel logo and it
looks up at the star it's just like Luke
look at the twin son setting dreaming of
adventures that are to come
so those are little Jedi's in the making
Rian Johnson left left that door open
but I like the idea that Rey is the last
Jedi I like that idea much better and
I'll explain why ah I don't like it I
don't like any of this I like it because
it subscribes to my terribly awful
theory which they don't know if anybody
has come up with yet but let me again
preface it's a terribly awful theory
based on the fact that JJ Abrams and the
guy who wrote Batman V Superman are
writing this script yeah and based on
retconning what what you theory my well
should we talk about the trailer more is
there much to talk about she jumps over
a TIE fighter then we see a blue planet
and then we see some force here real
quick everybody and we're going to show
quick images
of what's in the trailer okay okay ray
back flips over a TIE fighter yeah
presumably flown by kylo Ren it's
possible it's Darth Vader anything's
possible at this point but we're gonna
assume it's kylo Ren the start of some
battle he's out to get Rey right uh-huh
because that's how everything goes a
little battle boring a little battle and
a boring big battle and need visual she
does backflip over and I'm going to
assume in the film the lightsaber cuts
the TIE fighter in half and kylo Ren
flies out and then stumbles on the
ground and then they start laser sword
fighting then we see like this what
looked like an a winged fighter I don't
know what it is it's flying through some
kind of like so now we plan it and we
see the hint of a city in the background
which i think is the thieves den the
smuggler planet something because that's
there's a Keri Russell plays Azeri bliss
a bounty hunter esque
character okay let's say a female Boba
Fett so there's something in maz
kanata's credited in the film there's
gonna be some kind of smuggler thieving
subplot with Lando probably as well okay
then there's a kylo Ren killing people
in a forest setting with stormtroopers
yeah kill somebody I can't tell who it
is
it could be a flashbang yeah who knows
kylo Ren reassembles his helmet Poe and
Finn are seen on husana the desert
planet they just kind of show him
looking at something bb-8 has a new
little friend I don't know why they've
given up on r2d2 going on adventures
aren't your DJ's always just like has
like a like like a blanket over him in
the corner Lando and Chewie are flying
the Falcon and they come out of
hyperspace flying the Falcon there's a
battle on personna they're flying what
looks like a little Java skiff kind of
thing what are you getting Pisano from
oh it was credited as being the desert
planet Oh
scene in the film FF throws of my theory
about the desert planet out of the
window okay
and then there's a shot and I think
there are backpack jetpack wearing
stormtroopers they show little ships the
first I thought there are ships but that
way I looked at it up close I think
they're stormtroopers with jetpacks
okay just saying this is what we got to
work with we see a Star Destroyer on I
think that
our planet and I think it's an a wing
crashing into it and might have been
that ship we've seen earlier I don't
know
and then lastly there's a grassy what
looks like grassy planet and all the
characters are coming up to this this
cliff and then we see the destructive
remnants of the true in Death Star in
the ocean and all of us are to assume
that that planet is Endor the forest
moon let's take Endor that's the only
thing that makes any kind of sense see I
was I was speculating it would have been
I would have been an interesting twist
on things if the desert planet were
actually Endor hmm because Death Star
once the wreckage crashes it just fucks endor's environment
I thought mate
you know it was either I thought it was
either gonna be a ruined Endor or we're
going back to jakku because in our
theory about retconning the last Jedi I
figured they were gonna go back on the
no your parents but nobody's there would
nobody there are filthy jump treasures
so do you want for drinking money and
we're gonna go no no ray you're really
good with us Skywalker something
something Skywalker
they'll be back one day and so I have I
have a couple of topics I want to talk
about and I don't know if you have any
theories the most important thing I
think to mention is the Emperor's laughs
at the end and it's famous line that no
one's ever really gone well I think
Luke's coming back I say I have nothing
I have nothing to work with Mike so I'm
just thinking well you want to undo the
last Jedi nobody liked what they did
with Luke nobody liked that he had
abandoned the force which I actually
thought was the most interesting part of
the movie but nobody liked that so I
think much like Gandalf he's gonna be
reborn through the force he's gonna be
super in touch with the force Luke and
he's gonna counter the Emperor
spiritually at the end he's gonna be
wearing the same robes he was wearing
and Return of the Jedi the all black
robes but they're gonna be pure white
Lucca the white okay
again Dolph the white he's gonna use a
lightsaber he's gonna be super force in
touch with the force Luke I hate to say
it you're probably right yeah he will
reform his body from the force using
elemental materials that I'll fly
together yeah but he'll still look like
old Mark Hamill they'll have his beard
be really nice-looking okay it'll be
super trim maybe they'll just like kind
of da gym just a little bit oh yeah not
so where's young Mark Hamill but where
he's just sort of like nice-looking he's
gonna be super well groomed Mark Hamill
okay yeah see when you see the Death
Star destructured right and you hear the
Emperor's laugh my first thought was
until I changed my mind
my first thought was oh okay
here's the plot kylo Ren in the first
order I want to destroy the rebels the
rebels have made an agreement with
Planet X and Planet X has an army and
fleet of spaceships that are so big they
can possibly counter the the first order
some bizarre species you got to help us
and Leia signs a treaty with them that's
the new rebellion oh there they can
match the first order kylo Ren needs the
ultimate power in the universe they know
a technological terror is is out of the
question
aha don't be too proud of this
technological terror you've constructed
the ability to destroy a planet is
insignificant next to the power of the
force so we need something super
powerful the the soul or the evil
negative force F essence the dark side
essence of the Emperor still exists it's
in the planet core the crashed and the
Emperor's ghost its evil force essence
lives in the planet core kylo Ren wants
to absorb that into his spirit force and
he'll he'll just become like like you
said like a super Luke yeah I meant like
I look at Dark Phoenix right where I
could just like
use evil force and just wipe out planets
with his mind that's what he's going
after because they're the one of the
vanity fair' photographs show ray and
and kylo Ren laser sword fighting on the
top ruins of the Death Star yeah where
it's like water splashing on them and
they're fighting on the junk of the
Death Star
so kylo Ren wants to get down there
we've got to stop him that was Theory
number one then I came up with the
wildest theory of all huh
you
I'll add in my two cents about kylo Ren
in the Emperor yeah these these these
last two movies have really botched
their villains and then in the last
shadow they just gave up and cut him in
half
and now we're left with kylo Ren but the
way they have written kylo Ren
he's a dipshit
he's too stupid to be the main villain of your series
and he's too evil to be redeemed
so we need a villain
and out of desperation, it's literally the only thing they could do was to invoke the Emperor
and you think it's going to be his essence
I think it's good it's not just gonna be an essence
it's gonna be a consciousness
he's gonna be aware
I think he is going to try and draw kylo Ren to him in with promises of I will give you ultimate force power then you can have all of the force
thoughts but he's gonna double-cross
kylo Ren because kylo Ren can't be our
main villain because he's a dipshit and
Rey has already beaten him like twice so
the emperor is going to possess kylo Ren
for his new super Skywalker force body
I don't think though it'll be end up
being Luke versus the Emperor at the end
again because you cannot just outside of
the realm of the story and Star Wars
speaking you cannot build up ray Daisy
Ridley and then take it all away from
her at the end it will depends upon how
hard they want a red Kahn I don't think
they'll do they'll go that far to have
Luke be the sole hero he might I'm sure
he's gonna do something super special
Luke to help out but Daisy Ridley has to
be the hero um I'll get into my wild fan
theory now yeah I wanna hear I want to
hear it because I was thinking about it
and then there was a quote from JJ Abrams that said literally said fuck it
I'm just gonna do what I want
uh-huh
something like that, right
I don't remember the exact quote
but basically it was like, eh this is the last film, fuck it
and the Star Trek stuff was like
crazy mm-hmm so then I thought I know
what they're going to do
I what what what has been done in Star
Wars technological terror technological
terror death machine gotta stop it got
to blow it up bad guy two guys fight at
the end well you know what they haven't
done what a horrible time travel story
oh my god is the dumbest thing ever they
are going full-on Avengers endgame and
they are retconning everything and
there's a lot of clues there's a lot of
clues to this thousand generations live
in you now the thousand generations live
in Yuna time that's a line uh-huh I'm
going through this piece by piece
uh-huh well the thing that that that um
tipped me off to this was Jim had
mentioned that he's excited to see this
movie not to see the movie he just wants
to see the Millennium Falcon and I'm
like okay cuz he loves the money in
Falcon he recently made a beautifully
detailed model of it uh-huh
because he said he's Jim Jim is a matte
painter and he's a very good artist so
he painted details on his model which
probably is better than anyone's model a
homemade model of the Millennium Falcon
outside of the actual one they felt sure
what here's a couple photos of it Jim's
looks better and actually probably looks
better and he said the circle deflector
dishes back which got knocked off in
Return of the Jedi and they had that
stupid curved one yeah and I looked in
the trailer and they show it flying
through the the vortex and the circle
deflector dishes back there's a
Palpatine laughs we see Leia holding the
anewhopeee medallion from the awards
ceremony and another thing Ray has
Luke's lightsaber which was utterly
destroyed in the last Jedi
also from Disney's perspective everyone
is dead there are no new Jedi's and
there's nowhere forward to go you can only go back, right
so you're saying they fucked it up so bad they have to go back in time
yes
and it has something to do with the Death Star
and also another thing too like there are there's Maz Kanata who's who's kind of a psychic
I am no Jedi but I know the force
there's something special about her
we have weird bounty hunters
we have the underground you know the community of thieves and you know that sort of thing
so I think there is going to be some
kind of time-travel device and I don't
know how all this is going to work or
why but I believe that the Death Star's
wreckage has something to do with it
because when we see them approaching the
Death Star they're walking Rey has a
sack with her and she's holding a bag
and it's a big heavy bag and it's like
this big and it's just for a second
she's holding some kind of bag with
something in it and it could just be a
travel bag but it's pretty big and I'm
like what's in that bag and so maybe the
deaths second Death Star's core was
powered by some kind of supreme power
source and it still kind of exists I
don't know think about it bring Luke
back you you you can travel to the past
you can you can do whatever you want you
can bring back Yoda you could bring that
any character you want you can fix the
timeline via an Abrams Eska Kelvin slash
prime universe I mean where do you go
forward from here oh that's such a
stupid thing to do in Star Wars but it
hasn't been done it has been done and JJ
Abrams literally said fuck it
fuck it
fuck it
I think you're right
I think you're right
and and if you think about it endgame was successful
it was popular
and you've got a comic book writer guy writing this movie
mm-hmm
you know
because I don't have much else in my notes because I got I nothing to work on to predict like like Finn what the fuck do you even do with Finn
that's what I mean he learns to
does Finn learn to put away his own
wants and fight for the greater good
again like he did in the last two movies
because he had the exam exact character
arc in two films well that was kind of
something else I wanted to bring up was
I was thinking about Star Wars and the
original Star Wars and you know it's
been talked to death of course yeah
there's nothing else to say about it but
the reason why that movie worked was he
had three main characters who were very
relatable and had very clear character
arcs it was definitely the prequels when
things started to rely less on the
characters you say less I'd say not at
all not at all almost not at all on the
characters their emotional arcs their
character arcs their story their
relatability and more on the details it
was a throwaway line in Jedi when
Vader's like oh I see you've constructed
a new lightsaber I see you have
constructed a new lightsaber
and then then that just line where it's
just like I see you got a new lightsaber
then it became like Oh
Jedi's build their own lightsaber and
they used a special crystal that they
meditate over from the one planet that
the crystals exist on med tar five mint
r5 was blessed by an ancient Sith priest
who converted to the Jedi Order in 1800
BBY that's the sort that makes no
difference that's stuff that doesn't
matter
Darth Vader said you built the new
lightsaber and then another line - he is
- oh well then that must mean you have
to start a Jedi training one year for
that's where George Lucas did not
understand his own creation he did not
understand why it worked he then he said
I gotta build this world of all these
details D and then the politics I mean
we have all talked about that the Senate
and then and then blah the the big
problem with force awakens and wide only
half worked
they had character arcs they weren't all
necessarily completed in that movie all
the character arcs in a new hope were
completed by the end of the film because
they thought that was going to be the
only film force awakens focused on the
characters and didn't really finish it
but it was an okay start and I think
that's why it kind of worked for me when
I watched it I think the most
interesting thing to come out of the
last Jedi was the Rey and kylo Ren
possible relationship or emotional
connection I think the possible raid
teaming up with Ren to run the first
order could have been that could have
been something interesting you could
have done but they man oh yeah when
those two were having their like forced
communications and and there was like
weird sexual tension and him kind of
being on the fence about being evil and
stuff yeah I mean that's like kind of
similar to the Luke and Vader you're my
father and related but then we've never
really had that with a good guy and a
bad guy kind of being I don't know love
or
attracted to each other where there's
like in not just I want to turn you back
to the good side or I want to turn you
to the dark side but at the same time
we're also in love
it's kind of weird yeah and it was
different and then they followed that up
in the end I just want to kill you they
could have done a lot of interesting
things I hate everything you've done to
my character I mean really at the at the
end of the last gen ideally the only
plot point we have is the good guys need
to beat the bad guys yeah that's always
that's the only story hook we have at
the end of that movie it's it's awful
and I guess we got 25 members of the
rebellion I guess that's an obstacle we
Grieg Rove the rebellion I order they
just they're just gonna do a time jump
and they'll be a rebellion again from
this there's 25 of them what am I going
to do they've effectively lost the war I
mean come on again it's very much a
Avengers Thanos situation whether they
are any desperate desperate times and
they're in desperate need I think Luke
has taught Rey how to time travel
you think it's ghost is gonna come and
teach you how to force time travel I
don't know it could be like the inverse
of the Star Trek discovery situation
where they instead of jumping 900 the
use of the future they jump 900 years to
the past that very well could be Darth
Vader flying that TIE fighter trying to
kill ray because he knows she's Luke
Luke's force ghost taught her how to
time travel and and go back to the the
Knights of the Old Republic and those
kind of stories you know because we got
to set up a new trilogy right yeah yeah
we can't we cannot go forward
I don't think Oscar Isaac is gonna do
this anymore I don't think Daisy Ridley
I don't think these characters are
signed past three films so we have to
create a new trilogy and like you've
always said Star Wars is just out of gas
as in terms of stories giant planet
killing machine and the first order
wants to conquer everybody because
they're bad
and then a Sith Lord who's in charge of
the first order with the red lightsaber
and the space medal and everybody fights
them so what do you what do you do you
go bonkers you go to the past your time
travel and you retcon you go back to
some ancient period in star wars history
where some crazy shit was happening and you create new trilogies from scratch
ray retcons everything
Star Wars fans might hate it
I'll think it's a glorious mess
if they start doing like convoluted time-travel shit in a Star Wars movie, i'll think it's a glorious mess
I think I'm gonna make another prediction
this is going to be our least accurate predictions ever
assuming that they can
make new trilogies that take place
hundreds of years ago in the the vast
history of Jedi versus Earth right
I think logically we're probably correct
in saying kylo Ren and Ray are gonna
have a lightsaber fight right we've seen
a still of that I think they fight I'm
assuming on the wreckage of the Death
Star it'll be a first order and kylo Ren
wanna will completely wipe out the
resistance and they're just a smattering
of people running around they're jumping
from planet to planet bla bla bla bla
bla
we know kylo Ren is basically
irredeemable at this point he can't live
and just be like hey I'm kylo Ren I'm
I'm good now because he's done too many
bad things yeah movie speaking movie
wise speaking he can die he can have a
change of heart but he has to die maybe
saving others so I think him and Ray are
gonna fight a lot they're gonna laser
sword fight then we're gonna have some
big epic showdown where Luke comes back
maybe not in human form in ghosts
Luke form and says I've transcended to
Luke the white I'm a spiritual being of
of all good energy and I'm awesome and
oh my polar opposite the evil spiritual
energy of the Lord Sidious the the the
bad guy yeah we are going to shoot
lasers at each other and and fight in
the ethereal plane and it's going to
blow up this whole planet and cancel
each other out
the the good side and the dark side will
cancel each other out once this big
battle is gone kylo Ren will say I'm
injured go I've turned good ray and your
friends I'm gonna help you get on the
money I'm falcon so you can fly away
while Luke chokes the Emperor's so it'll
be like the end of Star Trek 5 I
couldn't help but notice your pain my
pain
it runs deep share it with me they're
gonna explode and and Rey will realize
that the force is temporarily gone for a
few hundred generations something like
that could have a fan pleaser yeah yeah
but maybe a little a little a little
twinkle a hope at the end oh it can't
end
there's just gonna be more and more of
these things never gonna stop never end
it's the dumbest thing in the world to
bring the Emperor back but it's gonna be
the most fun part of the movie and you
know it you know it's gonna be the best
thing they do in the fucking trilogy
even though it's the dumbest thing they
can do cuz we all love him for probably
he's too good a character it's gonna be
great
his scenes but his his old old old man
body won't be there it can't be but
let's come back possessed somebody will
reincarnate it won't matter or maybe
he'll be like scarred no burnt up he's
just burnt up it's like a charred corpse
oh the Ewoks will worship Him
the Ewoks will worship Emperor Palpatine
help you will see the Ewoks like
fortress and they'll be like a little
throne they built out of like twigs and
it's charred corpse it's just gonna be
sitting in it there's like yeah there's
like an underground version of like like
an Ewok death cult like they're like
saint worshippers or lux they're just
like they have like red eyes and they
live underground don't be don't be like
sacrificed II walk skulls all over his
altar yes that's how he eats
that'll be so fucking awesome if he just
looked like he looked like just like a
charred rotting corpse but he was just
barely alive maybe maybe he's like
giving the Ewoks like dark energies and
like the Ewoks have like glowing purple
eyes they're like evil II watch yeah
yeah yeah they're like a difficult but
same cult and and he gives them powers
and they protect him and they they they
keep him alive down in the bowels of the
broken-down Death Star
oh so they've been nursing him back to
health yeah he walks oh yeah yeah he
eats them he consumes their energy and
he sits on ya big big throne of like
machine parts that he built and but but
he's finally been able to reach kylo Ren
his force part has been building this
whole time this whole time that's how
the film star he suddenly sent out a
telepathic message to influence Snoke to
turn
kylo Ren evil so he kind of went there
we'll ignore that
I think it'll open with kylo Ren just
like he'll he'll be sleeping and Darth
kya Darth Revan Darth Revan
okay and then kylo Ren will open his
eyes and he'll be the one who tells him
to reassemble his helmet what do you
need why did he need to put the old one
back together and that isn't the biggest
like symbol of we're going back on what
everything the last Jedi did he's
actually putting in the ways of the last
Jedi trailer he smashes it in this
trailer oh I just I've rebuilt it yeah
maybe maybe Palpatine because then he
could put his like hood on and yeah
I'd still be alive oh it's so great
they're not gonna do it but that's so
great
I think yeah I think decimated barely
alive corpse like Palpatine survives
somehow inexplicably and he's been
rebuilding a strength all this time
he's coming back it's coming back Mike
but but but then how do you bring Luke
back he gets reincarnated to the force
to counter Palpatine but it Luke body
and our camels bodies sure just like
just like Gandalf just like and off I
don't know it's a long-standing
tradition and fantasy that the wizard
character can re-emerge from the
missis's long-standing tradition and
this is what we're doing with loop now
it's Luke's turn to be the old Gandalf
like wizard Luke that's the one positive
is the Luke did vanish yeah so it's
interesting because Palpatine didn't
vanish he literally got blowed up we
didn't see him get blowed up we just saw
him fall no he falls into his force
protected him from the explosion I guess
I guess you could just make up any BSL
force works that a beautiful part about
the force it's extremely ill defined the
force is just like shit you brought out of a cookie a fortune cookie
and there's a philosophy built around that nonsense
and that's the force
it could be anything
well it was very specifically defined in the Phantom Menace when it was the count of midi-chlorians in your bloodstream
but it's also a force that binds everything
and it also lets you run really fast when you need to run really fast
it lets you jump really high only when you need to jump really high
it lets you do the Jedi mind-trick but only when it's convenient on certain people
so Palpatine falling into the the hot plasma energy core of a giant what he
used a net killing machine he used the
ancient Sith technique of force shield
force heat shield well it took a large
toll on his force and it took 40 years
to reach charges for okay okay so but
but the the Death Star exploding
literally from the inside out his force
protected him when it blew up and
crashed on Endor but that's that's why a
that's why it took him 40 years okay
okay all right
I'll buy it it's so gonna like like
replace like is our arm with like parts
he scrapped from the Death Star's I'm
gonna have like a robot hand and part of
a robot face you will have the most pimp
cane that the Ewoks carved for him out
of California redwood
Luc's reborn - they're gonna make a deal
of like showing like he has an actual
hand oh yeah the robot hand will be gone
I have been reborn look look look at the
rule audience look all these are great
ideas rich mm-hmm all these are great
it's funny how we talked almost not at
all about any of the characters from the
new truth they're just like they're just
like beige filler for things from the
past that that are much more interesting
it was a resource they squandered that
was that was the one thing I was excited
about after the force awakens the reason
I didn't completely pan it even though
yeah it's a rehash of a new hope but I
like the new characters and now for the
last Jedi
I legitimately like the Ewoks
worshipping Palpatine I do too
that's a great idea cuz that's how you
nobody likes the Ewoks but if you turn
the Ewoks like evil and make them you
just change the design just enough to
make them creepier suddenly I think
they'd be cool you make a little bit
less chubby maybe they're worship of
Palpatine that all that dark negative
energy has like made them a little bit
more emaciated so they're not cuddly
anymore yeah they're just certainly
they're kind of gross yeah they're a
different sect of that that are there
they're more sinister you're corrupted
yeah right I like it I like it let's go
with it they're starving because when
the Death Star crashed it burnt up the
forest the forest we see kylo Ren
fighting in does it look like leafy
trees does look like burnt-out dead
trees that's on Endor the Ewoks have
nothing to eat they're gonna be
emaciated and they're gonna worship
Palpatine it was never a franchise that
was built for longevity it was a fairy
tale it was a fucking fairy tale
they told the story
it was done 40 years ago
it was done they told the story and then
they just they can't stop it made too
much money they can't stop it's too big
to fail Star Wars it's too big to fail
we got to keep pumping money into it
there has to be Star Wars for some
reason but it is fun to speculate yeah
question because they have to do
something to keep to keep doing it to
keep doing it and do they just tell the
same story again with with the Empire
and a rebellion just three more movies
about that another generation removed or
you literally could do that sometimes
and sometimes endings mean new
beginnings do you do time travel as long
as you absorb a bliss a new female
bounty hunter who kind of looks like
Boba Fett where everyone is fascinated
look at that cool costume like that's
what I mean by surface level doesn't
matter who she is what she does anything
it looks neat it's a shiny object in
front of a cat that's all it is at this point
I think JJ Abrams's "fuck it" is is going to have a resounding impact on the Star Wars community
I hope it does
I do, too
i hope it does
you kind of have to shake things up at this point
but whatever they shake Star Wars up it's terrible
they did that they did that with the
prequels let's what about the Senate
it's just something different oh my god
